and very good to all the boys and girls
Welcome to a new video sale
english welcome to patch number 4.8
we have been in the
season 4 and have had a few
patches since it balances in this game
really lately they are crowning
the patches starting with one that
they made a pantheon that we will go to see
later the general changes that
have introduced in this country have been
related to the agro of the towers
because many times this does not work
well and did really weird things
as for example add characters that
they were in an invulnerable state as
it can be fish on top of its trident or
to use flash offensively or
any kind of let's say out
defensive made us create the tower
in principle that style of books does not
they must be present
leaving aside the general aspect of
the change of this patch
let's focus on the champions is a
small patch in regard to
books inelfe os is rather a pair
focuses on one character and little else
but good we started with brice kan that
is the one that we have here in front bleeckere
It's a character which was very
punished in his day for being
excessively offensive and very very
decisive with its hooks that's why it
punished both in the asses and in the
mana cost so much that nor is played
so that if there is so much of his bearing
tremendously better than him that only
I had the CV and little else they have done
puppies for attempt to try
to play again so reduce spending
of mana both from zhouqu and from up to
all levels to a total of 100 or
will spend 100 mana for each of
these skills will therefore return to
rent up semac sears in the q because
will spend the same both at level 1 and
maximum level for me is a change
really poor and I do not think we'll change
to see it too total if they are
seeing the brown beasts that is like their
because as morgana as brawn as
3 really scram will have to make a
couple of changes more so that it is again
seen in the competitive one if you are
he sees those other champions who have
received a dull exchange the only thing that
have done is that it increases the range and it
reduce the animation time of your
ultimate really crashes is a character
not right now
no room for the current goal I think
that this change will not mean
really nothing for me to do l so
let's wait for more changes for this
character that I like in my character
the future and we will see it more often
small group that they put a caciques
very punished by nerves due to
its high versatility that it has in the
game in fact you have given all your
skills except her that there's no
way of how to do it so you do not
play and that the only change is broken
what they have done to him this time is that
that you see is subnormal has less cool
down that its evolved so what
only have done has been to balance both
skills so you have the same
worship really is a small change and
let's hope that here six receives some
small rolling so it does not mean
So we find it not so difficult
balance to roy that does not come out broken
a metal in predominantly
very killer means very easily
to clean the lines with a lot
mobility to zahar has no gap in
this goal and will not have it with the
change with the introduction this patch
that the only thing they have done that has been
reduce its mana cost PSUV
total total which does not solve
none of his problems that was the
maximum cost this does reduce a
little bit but mobility still has
null so I think that although this
change come for good we will not see this
character in the competed during a
weather
we are in front of the greatest shame of
the history of league of legends
at least what I remember and is the
ugly nerd to pantheon not notified in the
4.7 you know that in the previous patch to
pantheon I got here very pretty with
of dragonslayer but in turn
introduced an ugly nerd in which he
it came out in the patch note and they had
that be the same users that saw
as his favorite champion did not work
as they were used to it that has
made rivers because the only thing he has done is
say okay I do not put it in 4.7 what
we put in 4.8 although this is based on
the ugly the only thing they have done is that
the animation of the ultimate you can not
throw any skill until
pantheon does not fall on the ground so
so much what is your
potential when it comes to winning and the factor
surprise is totally left to a
side on the other hand to compensate what
they say host since the animation already
that we do well the animation that
agree well with the fall of the damage not
that well had jerryd very good work yes
Sir
the biggest ugly nerd in this patch goes
related to short here and a very mid
versatile of this in this last this
last one is playing me quite powerful in
the mid with a skillful very tank and very
oriented to the utility with very few
counter with a lot of hardness with
quite hurt to really tell you really
he was a total character and with many
variations so I what the only thing that
has done has been in the fear les zhouqu
is well the most oriented skills
to harm and utility in the sense
offensive so the first thing that has
fact has been to reduce the damage of zhouqu
quite fairly beast
that you have a zhouqu idea in the
last level previously had 200 of
damage now has 140 to compensate what
that has made river is that the reduction of
cool down when hitting the enemies pass a
10 to a 17 meaning it has less damage
but his ass reduction looks very
increased so you can pay more and
on the other hand they make it go up cost that
cost 50 mana for each time
we hit the enemies
this I do not know if it will mean the end of
Soracá Toba points out that, above all,
works mit because I abused a lot of
many things but still his faculty of
hitler is still very present so
both its role and support I think that
It is still as viable or even
in some compositions like mit me
I think that even if you reduce your
damage I think it got stung more for its
faculty of tam that hitler that for another
thing
we will see we will see I think they are a couple
of weeks that we see the changes in
action we can not decide one thing u
another although everything points although it goes a
way a bit negative I think that
deserved the nerve without a doubt
Last but not least have
introduced a small visual change in
sink that the only thing they have done is
introduce an indicator on your stand to
let's see the duration in which that
character or that minion will not be returned to
have studied a little circle in
the feet of each character so that
let's control a little bit the time that
We shall soon return to study anything
more is just a visual aid
for all those players not beaten
in the character or that are not
accustomed to playing together may know
if you can study or not
this is patch 4.8 really a
patch a little bit and its use beyond
the nerves is now here and the rest
They are small bufos or small nerves
more oriented to minimally balance
that change big things in the metal and
current but in action introduced
also minor changes like for example
they have fixed a ship in the ditch the
which interrupted skills which
should not interrupt as for example the
last and from harvard or the last internal
to fight and also do juani with the q
which the load to the load but not
did not cam on enemies with a size
very huge as a for example a
collides with six charges oncca or a pack
not much life to the non cab apart
of it will also introduce throughout
of this the new one for the mirror mode
match is to say the all with the same
champion but this time all 10
players with the same champion either
arctic be real or whatever and with this
new mode will be introduced two new
icons one will be a six and another will be a
penta kill icon although there is not much
information about him I think he's
intimately related to this mode and
we will see it
nothing else I hope you liked this
video and see you very soon until the
next